
# Shipment

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**vendorShipmentIdentifier** | **String** | Unique Transportation ID created by Vendor (Should not be used over the last 365 days). | 
**transactionType** | [**TransactionTypeEnum**](#TransactionTypeEnum) | Indicates the type of  transportation request such as (New,Cancel,Confirm and PackageLabelRequest). Each transactiontype has a unique set of operation and there are corresponding details to be populated for each operation. | 
**buyerReferenceNumber** | **String** | The buyer Reference Number is a unique identifier generated by buyer for all Collect/WePay shipments when you submit a transportation request. This field is mandatory for Collect/WePay shipments. |  [optional]
**transactionDate** | [**OffsetDateTime**](OffsetDateTime.md) | Date on which the transportation request was submitted. | 
**currentShipmentStatus** | [**CurrentShipmentStatusEnum**](#CurrentShipmentStatusEnum) | Indicates the current shipment status. |  [optional]
**currentshipmentStatusDate** | [**OffsetDateTime**](OffsetDateTime.md) | Date and time when the last status was updated. |  [optional]
**shipmentStatusDetails** | [**List&lt;ShipmentStatusDetails&gt;**](ShipmentStatusDetails.md) | Indicates the list of current shipment status details and when the last update was received from carrier this is available on shipment Details response. |  [optional]
**shipmentCreateDate** | [**OffsetDateTime**](OffsetDateTime.md) | The date and time of the shipment request created by vendor. |  [optional]
**shipmentConfirmDate** | [**OffsetDateTime**](OffsetDateTime.md) | The date and time of the departure of the shipment from the vendor&#39;s location. Vendors are requested to send ASNs within 30 minutes of departure from their warehouse/distribution center or at least 6 hours prior to the appointment time at the Buyer destination warehouse, whichever is sooner. Shipped date mentioned in the shipment confirmation should not be in the future. |  [optional]
**packageLabelCreateDate** | [**OffsetDateTime**](OffsetDateTime.md) | The date and time of the package label created for the shipment by buyer. |  [optional]
**shipmentFreightTerm** | [**ShipmentFreightTermEnum**](#ShipmentFreightTermEnum) | Indicates if this transportation request is WePay/Collect or TheyPay/Prepaid. This is a mandatory information. |  [optional]
**sellingParty** | [**PartyIdentification**](PartyIdentification.md) | Name/Address and tax details of the selling party. | 
**shipFromParty** | [**PartyIdentification**](PartyIdentification.md) | Name/Address and tax details of the ship from party. | 
**shipToParty** | [**PartyIdentification**](PartyIdentification.md) | Name/Address of the destination warehouse where the shipment is being shipped to. | 
**shipmentMeasurements** | [**TransportShipmentMeasurements**](TransportShipmentMeasurements.md) | Indicates the shipment measurement details on how many cartons and pallets and the total transportation weight and volume as part of this request. This is a mandatory detail which will help determining the transportation cost, truck allocations and route determination efficiently. |  [optional]
**collectFreightPickupDetails** | [**CollectFreightPickupDetails**](CollectFreightPickupDetails.md) | Indicates the earliest pickup date for the transportation from vendor warehouse. This information is mandatory to be filled for requesting transportation from Buyer (WePay/Collect). |  [optional]
**purchaseOrders** | [**List&lt;PurchaseOrders&gt;**](PurchaseOrders.md) | Indicates the purchase orders involved for the transportation request. This group is an array create 1 for each PO and list their corresponding items. This information is used for deciding the route,truck allocation and storage efficiently. This is a mandatory information for Buyer performing transportation from vendor warehouse (WePay/Collect) |  [optional]
**importDetails** | [**ImportDetails**](ImportDetails.md) | Provide these fields only if this shipment is a direct import. |  [optional]
**containers** | [**List&lt;Containers&gt;**](Containers.md) | A list of the items in this transportation and their associated inner container details. If any of the item detail fields are common at a carton or a pallet level, provide them at the corresponding carton or pallet level. |  [optional]
**transportationDetails** | [**TransportationDetails**](TransportationDetails.md) | Transportation details this a mandatory information which states delivery date, shipping date and carrier details. |  [optional]


<a name="TransactionTypeEnum"></a>
## Enum: TransactionTypeEnum
Name | Value
---- | -----
NEW | &quot;New&quot;
CANCEL | &quot;Cancel&quot;


<a name="CurrentShipmentStatusEnum"></a>
## Enum: CurrentShipmentStatusEnum
Name | Value
---- | -----
CREATED | &quot;Created&quot;
TRANSPORTATIONREQUESTED | &quot;TransportationRequested&quot;
CARRIERASSIGNED | &quot;CarrierAssigned&quot;
SHIPPED | &quot;Shipped&quot;


<a name="ShipmentFreightTermEnum"></a>
## Enum: ShipmentFreightTermEnum
Name | Value
---- | -----
COLLECT | &quot;Collect&quot;
PREPAID | &quot;Prepaid&quot;



